NCache also also provides signal R (#301)
aspnet/AspNetDocs: aspnet/signalr/overview/getting-started/introduction-to-signalr.md

SignalR supports "server push" functionality, in which server code can call out to client code in the browser using Remote Procedure Calls (RPC), rather than the request-response model common on the web today.

> SignalR applications can scale out to thousands of clients using Service Bus, SQL Server, [Redis](http://redis.io), or [NCache](https://www.alachisoft.com/ncache/asp-net-core-signalr.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SignalR applications can scale out to thousands of clients using built-in, and third-party scale-out providers.

Built-in providers include:
* [Service Bus](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.ServiceBus3)
* [SQL Server](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SqlServer)
* [Redis](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Redis)

Third-party providers include:
* [NCache](https://www.alachisoft.com/ncache/asp-net-core-signalr.html).
```
